We all have a sniper
aiming at our hearts
in real terror comes when that
bullet does not give you and takes
ahead a person that we are not in a position
to defend with Sergio
Nairobi I need a surgeon
we just launched an antitank they
recorded them surgeon has  a bullet point
pierced in the lung and says that it comes out
to accompany the answer
and your piece of [ __ ] you are going to keep
quiet because from now on you
are no longer my boss I am going to leave you playing the little
doctors I am going to think about my next
move careful  eh
[Music]
we started phase 2 of hamelin
that bastard is on the move 42 km
from your position, he assured it will not be another of
his traps
[Music]
[Applause]
the confidence of the team to read a lot of
the brain  You can see the doctor are seven
thousand kilometers away, the hands
will be ours
and it makes it easy to put 3 to positive
another that you have done
what have you done that they are
I do not know what happened to me  the head
really for so long that the interpreter did not see it nearby
the signals to stop the
second with the track of my
mo
with him
carefully weights
there are
[Music]
my son
without that irrational violence that you have
inside
inferior has been a pleasure
[Music]
they had sent each other, they used to be
integrating,
arriving now that we are from the same side,
you and I make a query, time here
is confused, we are the
good guys, we are the bad guys,
and that no one better
with that money and the alibi, you are free
to choose with  Who do you want to be with
that woman who is illegally arresting what
torture
or with us Victoria Murillo is
alive?
Well, it could be that
we have compared them with the data of
the operators and 354 cards have appeared
matching this
final enumeration, one of them
bought three months ago only has  made
a call
to mindanao philippines with I did not know a
24 hours you are with them
never again we will look for you it
is over Guadalajara
this does not change  Nothing for you I need you to
enter the office and show him the clock
but you move
we do not see fruits
and
I carry it
and this one too
[Music]
and head of security for the governor of the
bank of Spain I am calling you from
a secure line of the Ministry of the
Interior-  I am tied hand and foot
presidency I do not want any more battles in the
center of Madrid
and everything I do will be considered
legitimate defense there will be no
legal problems if you eliminate everything will be a
hero for me for the investigators and
for the government of this country
we will see it arrive  my baby and your mother and your
daughter were no longer
turia I
just wanted to thank
palermo for his advice to free me
but I'm
pretty
julia
too long without seeing us
[Music]
I can't stand
give me a gun you're not here  for in your
way now you are seeing
God's way with you are a [ __ ] gun
the gun below
[Music]
I told you I was going to kill you,
do not escort the governor
[Music]
of  Life is a game
on paper or Madrid 'with the face of a river and
sent the story of the events to the entire
national and international press
there are countries that are well in the
Strasbourg commission until international amnesty
is presented as a private accusation
to open an investigation  we are
[ __ ]
drugged half tranquilizers
insisted that they will take more than necessary the chalice
as anesthetized but before seeing my
mind that was hitting me that it touched my
neck that the current cut touched me is
for two months or something more they
paid then
with the project  I'm going intelligence and
the motorcycles are not the brown one, you are going to eat it
anyway
but if you help us we will not
leave you behind.
I am Colonel Tamayo. I am in command.
where he
is being held re that the murillo
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music
] Nobody is saved if he readmits the
torture but he took responsibility for attention,
something has to be buried
you're going to leave that g36 on the ground in the
next three seconds because if you're not
a dead man
I'm starting to lose patience
or basic
[Applause]
[Music]
and
she's
going to be the master of your destiny now  life
or death
now
[Music]
good morning
ah
sir
strong for the love of the more than one
helicopter is
welcome to the north of Spain
the situation seems misleading
[Applause]
[Music]
this son of a [ __ ]